# Additional features applied to the project:

* Logout option:
  
The user will be available to logout once he has sign in his account

* Temporal messages:
  
After a specific amount of time the messages showed to the user will be hidden

* Accessibility restrictions:
  
If the user is not registered, he won't be available to create a ride or to see the query rides.

If the user is not registered as a traveler, he won't be available to request a ride.

If the user is not registered as a driver, he won't be available to create a ride.

* Accept or reject a ride request:

The driver will be available to accept/reject a ride request from a traveler using the code 
generated by the request or by selecting the ride request from the table.

* Profile picture:

We have added the option to upload a profile picture to the user's account. Also, the user 
will be able to change it whenever he wants from the profile page.


* User's profile:

The user will be able to see his profile information, this includes the name, email, and profile 
picture. 

If the user it is a driver he will be able to see the rides he has created and how many 
seats are remaining for each ride.

If the user it is a traveler he will be able to see the rides he has requested and the status of 
each request.

* Keyboard navigation:

The user will be able to navigate through the website using the keyboard. This includes the
following keys:
  - Tab: To navigate through the elements of the page
  - Enter: To submit a form or to click a button

* Style changes:

We have added some style changes to the website, this includes the color of the buttons, the
background color, font size... etc. We have also implemented some transitions to make the
website more interactive.